= Ruby OpenStack Compute

== Description

Ruby Openstack Compute binding for the v1.0 OSAPI.

Currently supports both v1.0 and v2.0 (keystone) auth.

== Examples

See the class definitions for documentation on specific methods and operations.

  require 'openstack/compute'

  cs = OpenStack::Compute::Connection.new(:username => USERNAME, :api_key => API_KEY, :auth_url => API_URL)	

  # Get a listing of all current servers
  >> cs.servers
  => [{:name=>"RenamedRubyTest", :id=>110917}]

  # Access a specific server
  >> server = cs.server(110917)
  >> server.name
  => "RenamedRubyTest"

  # or...
  server_manager.find(110917)
  

  # See what type of server this is
  >> server.flavor.name
  => "256 server"
  >> server.image.name
  => "Ubuntu 8.04.2 LTS (hardy)"

  # Soft-reboot the server
  >> server.reboot
  => true

  # Create a new 512MB CentOS 5.2 server.  The root password is returned in the adminPass method.
  >> image = cs.get_image(8)
  => #<OpenStack::Compute::Image:0x1014a8060 ...>, status"ACTIVE"
  >> image.name
  => "CentOS 5.2"
  >> flavor = cs.get_flavor(2)
  => #<OpenStack::Compute::Flavor:0x101469130 @disk=20, @name="512 server", @id=2, @ram=512>
  >> flavor.name
  => "512 server"
  >> newserver = cs.create_server(:name => "New Server", :imageId => image.id, :flavorId => flavor.id)
  => #<OpenStack::Compute::Server:0x101433f08 ....
  >> newserver.status
  => "BUILD"
  >> newserver.progress
  => 0
  >> newserver.adminPass
  => "NewServerMbhzUnO"
  >> newserver.refresh
  => true
  >> newserver.progress
  => 12
  
  # Delete the new server
  >> newserver.delete!
  => true  

== Authors

By Dan Prince <dan.prince@rackspace.com>, Naveed Massjouni <naveedm9@gmail.com>

Based on the Rackspace Cloud Servers Ruby API.

== License

See COPYING for license information.
